so taxes in the military work a little different. Where, when we are receive
R W twos RB HR. So our housing is not included, so that's a large
portion. So it's it's very good. Um, for us, it makes it looks
like we make less money. Um, there's also opportunities when we deployed
a certain locations where we're not taxed, and that is also ah,
benefit for us. But ultimately it really works. The Samos faras our
investment, whether it's a Roth investment, whether it's traditional
pre or post tax and then also finally, in our preparation, there's
there's a lot of different opportunities for our us to get our taxes
prepared for free and taking care of that way.